feat: add support for other asset stores than S3 (#59)
dahlia/hollo: docs/src/content/docs/install/env.mdx

  a trusted environment and never in production.
</Aside>

### `DRIVE_DISK`

The disk driver used by Hollo to store blobs such as avatars, custom emojis,
and other media.

> Valid values are `fs` (local filesystem) and `s3` (Amazon S3).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Valid values are `fs` (local filesystem) and `s3` (S3-compatible object storage).
```

> See https://flydrive.dev/docs/drive_manager for details about the drivers.

Author: @coderabbitai Please rebase this suggestion.

> See https://flydrive.dev/docs/drive_manager for details about the drivers.

Author: @coderabbitai Please create a committable suggestion.

### `ASSET_URL_BASE`

The public URL base of the asset storage, e.g.
`https://hollo.example.com/assets` (local filesystem) or
`https://hollo.s3.us-east-1.amazonaws.com` (Amazon S3).

### `FS_ASSET_PATH`

The path in the local filesystem where blob assets are stored e.g. `/var/lib/hollo`.
The directory must be writable for Hollo.

> ### Amazon S3 settings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### S3-compatible object storage settings
```

#### `S3_REGION` <Badge text="Optional" />

The region of the S3-compatible object storage, e.g., `us-east-1`.  On some
non-S3 services, this can be omitted.  `auto` by default.

#### `S3_BUCKET`

The bucket name of the S3-compatible object storage, e.g., `hollo`.

#### `S3_ENDPOINT_URL`

The endpoint URL for S3-compatible object storage, e.g.,
`https://s3.us-east-1.amazonaws.com`.

#### `S3_FORCE_PATH_STYLE`

Whether to force path-style URLs for S3-compatible object storage.  `true` to
turn on, `false` to turn off.  Useful for non-AWS S3-compatible services.
Turned off by default.

#### `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`

The access key for S3-compatible object storage.

#### `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`

> 

Author: @coderabbitai Please rebase this suggestion.

> 

Author: @coderabbitai Please create a committable suggestion.
